Copyright (c) 2017-2020, NVIDIA CORPORATION.  All rights reserved.

NVIDIA CORPORATION and its licensors retain all intellectual property and proprietary
rights in and to this software, related documentation and any modifications thereto.  Any
use, reproduction, disclosure or distribution of this software and related documentation
without an express license agreement from NVIDIA CORPORATION is strictly prohibited.

LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR NVIDIA SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT KITS

This license agreement, including exhibits attached ("Agreement") is a legal agreement
between you and NVIDIA Corporation ("NVIDIA") and governs your use of a NVIDIA software
development kit ("SDK"). 

Each SDK has its own set of software and materials, but here is a description of the types
of items that may be included in a SDK: source code, header files, APIs, data sets and
assets (examples include images, textures, models, scenes, videos, native API input/output
files), binary software, sample code, libraries, utility programs, programming code and
documentation. 

This Agreement can be accepted only by an adult of legal age of majority in the country in
which the SDK is used. 

If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you
represent that you have the legal authority to bind the entity to this Agreement, in which
case "you" will mean the entity you represent. 

If you don’t have the required age or authority to accept this Agreement, or if you don’t
accept all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, do not download, install or use the
SDK.  

You agree to use the SDK only for purposes that are permitted by (a) this Agreement, and
(b) any applicable law, regulation or generally accepted practices or guidelines in the
relevant jurisdictions.

1.  License. 

1.1 Grant

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, NVIDIA hereby grants you a non-exclusive,
non-transferable license, without the right to sublicense (except as expressly provided in
this Agreement) to: 

(i) Install and use the SDK, and

(ii) Distribute those portions of the SDK that are identified in this Agreement as
distributable, as incorporated in object code format into a software application that
meets the distribution requirements indicated in this Agreement.

1.2 Distribution Requirements

These are the distribution requirements for you to exercise the distribution grant:

(i) Your application must have material additional functionality, beyond the included
portions of the SDK.

(ii) The distributable portions of the SDK shall only be accessed by your application.  

(iii) The following notice shall be included in modifications and derivative works of
sample source code distributed: "This software contains source code provided by NVIDIA
Corporation."

(iv) Unless a developer tool is identified in this Agreement as distributable, it is
delivered for your internal use only.

(v) The terms under which you distribute your application must be consistent with the
terms of this Agreement, including (without limitation) terms relating to the license
grant and license restrictions and protection of NVIDIA’s intellectual property rights.
Additionally, you agree that you will protect the privacy, security and legal rights of
your application users. 

(vi) You agree to notify NVIDIA in writing of any known or suspected distribution or use
of the SDK not in compliance with the requirements of this Agreement, and to enforce the
terms of your agreements with respect to distributed SDK.

1.3 Authorized Users

You may allow employees and contractors of your entity or of your subsidiary(ies) to
access and use the SDK from your secure network to perform work on your behalf. 

If you are an academic institution you may allow users enrolled or employed by the
academic institution to access and use the SDK from your secure network. 

You are responsible for the compliance with the terms of this Agreement by your authorized
users. If you become aware that your authorized users didn’t follow the terms of this
Agreement, you agree to take reasonable steps to resolve the non-compliance and prevent
new occurrences. 

1.4 Pre-Release SDK

The SDK versions identified as alpha, beta, preview or otherwise as pre-release, may not
be fully functional, may contain errors or design flaws, and may have reduced or different
security, privacy, accessibility, availability, and reliability standards relative to
commercial versions of NVIDIA software and materials. Use of a pre-release SDK may result
in unexpected results, loss of data, project delays or other unpredictable damage or loss.
You may use a pre-release SDK at your own risk, understanding that pre-release SDKs are
not intended for use in production or business-critical systems.  NVIDIA may choose not to
make available a commercial version of any pre-release SDK. NVIDIA may also choose to
abandon development and terminate the availability of a pre-release SDK at any time
without liability.

1.5 Updates

NVIDIA may, at its option, make available patches, workarounds or other updates to this
SDK. Unless the updates are provided with their separate governing terms, they are deemed
part of the SDK licensed to you as provided in this Agreement.

You agree that the form and content of the SDK that NVIDIA provides may change without
prior notice to you. While NVIDIA generally maintains compatibility between versions,
NVIDIA may in some cases make changes that introduce incompatibilities in future versions
of the SDK.

1.6 Third Party Licenses

The SDK may come bundled with, or otherwise include or be distributed with, third party
software licensed by a NVIDIA supplier and/or open source software provided under an open
source license. Use of third-party software is subject to the third-party license terms,
or in the absence of third party terms, the terms of this Agreement. Copyright to
third-party software is held by the copyright holders indicated in the third-party
software or license.

1.7 Reservation of Rights

NVIDIA reserves all rights, title and interest in and to the SDK not expressly granted to
you under this Agreement.

2.  Limitations. 

The following license limitations apply to your use of the SDK:

2.1 You may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, or remove copyright or other
proprietary notices from any portion of the SDK or copies of the SDK. 

2.2 Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, you may not copy, sell, rent,
sublicense, transfer, distribute, modify, or create derivative works of any portion of the
SDK. 

2.3 Unless you have an agreement with NVIDIA for this purpose, you may not indicate that
an application created with the SDK is sponsored or endorsed by NVIDIA. 

2.4 You may not bypass, disable, or circumvent any encryption, security, digital rights
management or authentication mechanism in the SDK. 

2.5 You may not use the SDK in any manner that would cause it to become subject to an open
source software license. As examples, licenses that require as a condition of use,
modification, and/or distribution that the SDK be (i) disclosed or distributed in source
code form; (ii) licensed for the purpose of making derivative works; or (iii)
redistributable at no charge.

2.6 Unless you have an agreement with NVIDIA for this purpose, you may not use the SDK
with any system or application where the use or failure of the system or application can
reasonably be expected to threaten or result in personal injury, death, or catastrophic
loss. Examples include use in nuclear, avionics, navigation, military, medical, life
support or other life critical applications. NVIDIA does not design, test or manufacture
the SDK for these critical uses and NVIDIA shall not be liable to you or any third party,
in whole or in part, for any claims or damages arising from such uses. 

2.7 You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless NVIDIA and its affiliates, and their
respective employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any
and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, fines,
restitutions and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees and costs incident
to establishing the right of indemnification) arising out of or related to your use of the
SDK outside of the scope of this Agreement, or not in compliance with its terms.

3.  Ownership. 

3.1 NVIDIA or its licensors hold all rights, title and interest in and to the SDK and its
modifications and derivative works, including their respective intellectual property
rights. This SDK may include software and materials from NVIDIA’s licensors, and these
licensors are intended third party beneficiaries that may enforce this Agreement with
respect to their intellectual property rights. 

3.2 You may, but don’t have to, provide to NVIDIA suggestions, feature requests or other
feedback regarding the SDK, including possible enhancements or modifications to the SDK.
For any feedback that you voluntarily provide, you hereby grant NVIDIA and its affiliates
a perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, modify,
license, sublicense (through multiple tiers of sublicensees), and distribute (through
multiple tiers of distributors) it without the payment of any royalties or fees to you.
NVIDIA will use feedback at its choice. NVIDIA is constantly looking for ways to improve
its products, so you may send feedback to NVIDIA through the developer portal at
https://developer.nvidia.com.

4.  No Warranties. 

THE SDK IS PROVIDED BY NVIDIA "AS IS" AND "WITH ALL FAULTS." TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
PERMITTED BY LAW, NVIDIA AND ITS AFFILIATES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND
OR NATURE, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT,
OR THE ABSENCE OF ANY DEFECTS THEREIN, WHETHER LATENT OR PATENT. NO WARRANTY IS MADE ON
THE BASIS OF TRADE USAGE, COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF TRADE. 

5.  Limitations of Liability. 

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NVIDIA AND ITS AFFILIATES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF
USE, LOSS OF DATA OR LOSS OF GOODWILL, OR THE COSTS OF PROCURING SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS,
ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SDK,
WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY ARISES FROM ANY CLAIM BASED UPON BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF
WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION OR
THEORY OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL NVIDIA’S AND ITS AFFILIATES TOTAL CUMULATIVE
LIABILITY UNDER OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED US$10.00. THE NATURE OF THE
LIABILITY OR THE NUMBER OF CLAIMS OR SUITS SHALL NOT ENLARGE OR EXTEND THIS LIMIT. 

These exclusions and limitations of liability shall apply regardless if NVIDIA or its
affiliates have been advised of the possibility of such damages, and regardless of whether
a remedy fails its essential purpose. These exclusions and limitations of liability form
an essential basis of the bargain between the parties, and, absent any of these exclusions
or limitations of liability, the provisions of this Agreement, including, without
limitation, the economic terms, would be substantially different. 

6.  Termination. 

6.1 This Agreement will continue to apply until terminated by either you or NVIDIA as
described below. 

6.2 If you want to terminate this Agreement, you may do so by stopping to use the SDK. 

6.3 NVIDIA may, at any time, terminate this Agreement if: (i) you fail to comply with any
term of this Agreement and the non-compliance is not fixed within thirty (30) days
following notice from NVIDIA (or immediately if you violate NVIDIA’s intellectual property
rights); (ii) you commence or participate in any legal proceeding against NVIDIA with
respect to the SDK; or (iii) NVIDIA decides to no longer provide the SDK in a country or,
in NVIDIA’s sole discretion, the continued use of it is no longer commercially viable. 

6.4 Upon any termination of this Agreement, you agree to promptly discontinue use of the
SDK and destroy all copies in your possession or control. Your prior distributions in
accordance with this Agreement are not affected by the termination of this Agreement. Upon
written request, you will certify in writing that you have complied with your commitments
under this section. Upon any termination of this Agreement all provisions survive except
for the licenses granted to you. 

7.  General.  
 
If you wish to assign this Agreement or your rights and obligations, including by merger,
consolidation, dissolution or operation of law, contact NVIDIA to ask for permission. Any
attempted assignment not approved by NVIDIA in writing shall be void and of no effect.
NVIDIA may assign, delegate or transfer this Agreement and its rights and obligations, and
if to a non-affiliate you will be notified. 

You agree to cooperate with NVIDIA and provide reasonably requested information to verify
your compliance with this Agreement.

This Agreement will be governed in all respects by the laws of the United States and of
the State of Delaware as those laws are applied to contracts entered into and performed
entirely within Delaware by Delaware residents, without regard to the conflicts of laws
principles. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods
is specifically disclaimed. You agree to all terms of this Agreement in the English
language.

The state or federal courts residing in Santa Clara County, California shall have
exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute or claim arising out of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding this, you agree that NVIDIA shall still be allowed to apply for injunctive
remedies or an equivalent type of urgent legal relief in any jurisdiction. 

If any court of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of this Agreement is
illegal, invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be construed as limited to the
extent necessary to be consistent with and fully enforceable under the law and the
remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect. Unless otherwise specified,
remedies are cumulative.

Each party acknowledges and agrees that the other is an independent contractor in the
performance of this Agreement. 

The SDK has been developed entirely at private expense and is "commercial items"
consisting of "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software
documentation" provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS. Use, duplication or disclosure by the U.S.
Government or a U.S. Government subcontractor is subject to the restrictions in this
Agreement pursuant to DFARS 227.7202-3(a) or as set forth in subparagraphs (b)(1) and (2)
of the Commercial Computer Software - Restricted Rights clause at FAR 52.227-19, as
applicable. Contractor/manufacturer is NVIDIA, 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, CA
95051.

The SDK is subject to United States export laws and regulations. You agree that you will
not ship, transfer or export the SDK into any country, or use the SDK in any manner,
prohibited by the United States Bureau of Industry and Security or economic sanctions
regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets
Control (OFAC), or any applicable export laws, restrictions or regulations. These laws
include restrictions on destinations, end users and end use. By accepting this Agreement,
you confirm that you are not a resident or citizen of any country currently embargoed by
the U.S. and that you are not otherwise prohibited from receiving the SDK.

Any notice delivered by NVIDIA to you under this Agreement will be delivered via mail,
email or fax. You agree that any notices that NVIDIA sends you electronically will satisfy
any legal communication requirements. Please direct your legal notices or other
correspondence to NVIDIA Corporation, 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, California
95051, United States of America, Attention: Legal Department.

This Agreement and any exhibits incorporated into this Agreement constitute the entire
agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and
supersede all prior negotiations or documentation exchanged between the parties relating
to this SDK license. Any additional and/or conflicting terms on documents issued by you
are null, void, and invalid. Any amendment or waiver under this Agreement shall be in
writing and signed by representatives of both parties.

(v. July 22, 2019)

NSIGHT AFTERMATH SUPPLEMENT TO SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR NVIDIA SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT
KITS

The terms in this supplement govern your use of the NVIDIA Nsight Aftermath SDK under the
terms of your license agreement ("Agreement") as modified by this supplement. Capitalized
terms used but not defined below have the meaning assigned to them in the Agreement.

This supplement is an exhibit to the Agreement and is incorporated as an integral part of
the Agreement. In the event of conflict between the terms in this supplement and the terms
in the Agreement, the terms in this supplement govern.  

1.  Distribution.

The following portions of the SDK are distributable under the Agreement: the .dll / .so files. 

2. Usage.

Please read the accompanying usage guidelines document (nsight-aftermath-usage-guidelines.txt)
for information on how Nsight Aftermath is intended to be used.

(v. October 30, 2019)


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Nsight Aftermath SDK makes use of third-party libraries. The licensee's use of the
SDK is subject to the following additional terms and conditions:

JSON for Modern C++ (https://nlohmann.github.io/json/)

    The class is licensed under the MIT License:

    Copyright (c) 2013-2019 Niels Lohmann

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this
    software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software
    without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
    merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
    permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
    conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies
    or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
    INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
    PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
    HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
    CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE
    OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

    The class contains the UTF-8 Decoder from Bjoern Hoehrmann which is licensed under the
    MIT License (see above). Copyright (c) 2008-2009 Björn Hoehrmann bjoern@hoehrmann.de

    The class contains a slightly modified version of the Grisu2 algorithm from Florian
    Loitsch which is licensed under the MIT License (see above). Copyright (c) 2009
    Florian Loitsch


FlatBuffers: Memory Efficient Serialization Library (http://google.github.io/flatbuffers/)

                          Apache License Version 2.0, January 2004
                          http://www.apache.org/licenses/

    TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

    1. Definitions.

    "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and distribution
    as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

    "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright owner
    that is granting the License.

    "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities that
    control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity. For the
    purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to
    cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or
    (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii)
    beneficial ownership of such entity.

    "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions
    granted by this License.

    "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including but
    not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration files.

    "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or
    translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object code,
    generated documentation, and conversions to other media types.

    "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, made
    available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice that is included in or
    attached to the work (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

    "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is
    based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions,
    annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original
    work of authorship. For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works shall not
    include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the
    interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

    "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original version of
    the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works thereof,
    that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright
    owner or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of the
    copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of
    electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to the Licensor or its
    representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing
    lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or
    on behalf of, the Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
    excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in
    writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

    "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf of whom
    a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently incorporated within the
    Work.

    2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License,
    each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive,
    no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare
    Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute
    the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

    3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each
    Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge,
    royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make,
    have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where
    such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by such Contributor that
    are necessarily infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their
    Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
    institute patent litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or
    counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work or a Contribution incorporated
    within the Work constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any
    patent licenses granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate as of
    the date such litigation is filed.

    4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or Derivative
    Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and in Source or Object
    form, provided that You meet the following conditions:

    (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of this
    License; and

    (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that You
    changed the files; and

    (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You distribute,
    all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the Source form of the
    Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works;
    and

    (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution, then any
    Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable copy of the attribution
    notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not pertain
    to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of the following places: within a
    NOTICE text file distributed as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form
    or documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or, within a display
    generated by the Derivative Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally
    appear. The contents of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do not
    modify the License. You may add Your own attribution notices within Derivative Works
    that You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work,
    provided that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed as modifying the
    License.

    You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may provide
    additional or different license terms and conditions for use, reproduction, or
    distribution of Your modifications, or for any such Derivative Works as a whole,
    provided Your use, reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
    the conditions stated in this License.

    5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any
    Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to the Licensor
    shall be under the terms and conditions of this License, without any additional terms
    or conditions.  Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
    the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed with Licensor
    regarding such Contributions.

    6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade names,
    trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required for
    reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and reproducing the
    content of the NOTICE file.

    7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS
    IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied,
    including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE,
    NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely
    responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work
    and assume any risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

    8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort
    (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law
    (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any
    Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
    incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this
    License or out of the use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited to
    damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any
    and all other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor has been advised
    of the possibility of such damages.

    9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing the Work or
    Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for, acceptance of
    support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent
    with this License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only on Your
    own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor,
    and only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any
    liability incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason of your
    accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

    END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

    APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

    To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following boilerplate notice,
    with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]" replaced with your own identifying
    information. (Don't include the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the
    appropriate comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a file or class
    name and description of purpose be included on the same "printed page" as the
    copyright notice for easier identification within third-party archives.

    Copyright 2014 Google Inc.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this
    file except in compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under
    the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF
    ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.


The LLVM Compiler Infrastructure (http://llvm.org/)

    ==============================================================================
    LLVM Release License
    ==============================================================================
    University of Illinois/NCSA
    Open Source License

    Copyright (c) 2003-2018 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
    All rights reserved.

    Developed by:

        LLVM Team

        University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign

        http://llvm.org

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
    this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal with
    the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
    use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
    of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
    so, subject to the following conditions:

        * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
          this list of conditions and the following disclaimers.

        * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
          this list of conditions and the following disclaimers in the
          documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

        * Neither the names of the LLVM Team, University of Illinois at
          Urbana-Champaign, nor the names of its contributors may be used to
          endorse or promote products derived from this Software without specific
          prior written permission.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
    FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    CONTRIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE
    SOFTWARE.

    ==============================================================================
    Copyrights and Licenses for Third Party Software Distributed with LLVM:
    ==============================================================================
    The LLVM software contains code written by third parties.  Such software will
    have its own individual LICENSE.TXT file in the directory in which it appears.
    This file will describe the copyrights, license, and restrictions which apply
    to that code.

    The disclaimer of warranty in the University of Illinois Open Source License
    applies to all code in the LLVM Distribution, and nothing in any of the
    other licenses gives permission to use the names of the LLVM Team or the
    University of Illinois to endorse or promote products derived from this
    Software.

    The following pieces of software have additional or alternate copyrights,
    licenses, and/or restrictions:

    Program             Directory
    -------             ---------
    Google Test         llvm/utils/unittest/googletest
    OpenBSD regex       llvm/lib/Support/{reg*, COPYRIGHT.regex}
    pyyaml tests        llvm/test/YAMLParser/{*.data, LICENSE.TXT}
    ARM contributions   llvm/lib/Target/ARM/LICENSE.TXT
    md5 contributions   llvm/lib/Support/MD5.cpp llvm/include/llvm/Support/MD5.h

